hello welcome to cent whiskey be calm in
this session good love a call
long-sleeved and hooded shirt so let's
take a closer look as we've all the lava
core base layer products it's made from
a three layer material
yeah after fabric is a waterproof and
windproof poly therm material so it's
stopping any wind from caused any chill
gets the body but also stopping that
little penetrating as well
it is obviously still breathable
perspiration is still pass through
that's all aided by the middle layer
which polyurethane layer again
breathable the perspiration can come
through but it is waterproof so there's
again another barrier from water coming
through stopping you from getting killed
me the winds or water just resting on
the surface both those layers mean that
the fabric is incredibly fast to dry so
if it does get wet especially if you're
wearing a wet suit it does dry and very
very quickly and then the inside layer
is a micro fiche fiche so it's great for
both wet suits and dry suits cause he of
diving in a wet suit that fabric traps
the water against the skin heating that
water up keep you nice and warm and
again if you're diving in a dry suit
that fabric just traps the air keeps it
a nice temperature trapping it in there
is a great big pocket so it's great for
both points of view all the stitching
it's flat stitching inside as well so
it's comfortable from that point of view
not going to cause any impression
against the skin wearing directly
against the skin comes in male as you
can see here and also a female cup
always the front is cut differently and
also the panels on the female one are
different color as well so great for
identification if you're if you've got
both in a bag simple motif on the front
the tool itself incredibly stretchy from
both angles so four-way stretch on the
bottom got a nice big toggle now put it
up tight again if you're wearing a
wetsuit traps that water in the core
the arms made from a single panel so
you've only got one stitching in size a
thumb loop makes it nice and easy to get
on to loop it over it draws it down for
the wet so you ought to draw a suit and
then the outer is looped over with
material nice soft material this isn't
going to cause any irritation against
the skin there that's obviously same on
the other side as well and we've also
got a hood on this one sewn into the
shirt itself sort of one piece so more
primarily for obviously a wetsuit diet
diver put this on then they'll put you
out of the neoprene suit hood on as well
excellent barrier against the knit water
flushing through hood nicely contoured
to give a better fit and area where it
meets the skin you've just got this
double layer material to give it a nice
extra softness as well on the back again
all flat stitching so very comfortable
you see the hood is sewn directly in
very simple back single panel just a
couple of flashes down the sides and you
can see the bottom there looped over
nicely to finish equivalent to two and a
half mil neoprene fantastic value for
money you can't go wrong with this
product